# Ongaeshi

ONGAESHI is a visionary initiative aimed at addressing the systemic flaws in the current education and labor market, which often leave individuals burdened with debt without the promise of a rewarding career. Rooted in the principles first discussed by Milton Friedman and Simon Smith Kuznets in 1945, ONGAESHI seeks to provide a sustainable solution to finance education.\
At its core, ONGAESHI DAO is designed to build a decentralized community that integrates innovative education, recruitment, career change, and investment, thereby expanding individual potential and offering free educational opportunities. This initiative aims to dismantle the existing social structures that perpetuate inequality and limit social mobility, creating a more equitable society.\
Key Components of ONGAESHI:\


* Formation of ONGAESHI DAO: The community we are building will bring together people who want to learn, people who want to support learning, people who want to hire, and people who want to provide education. Our shared value is to provide an environment for sustainable growth by distributing the profits from human capital improvements that occur when hiring takes place, etc., throughout the community and returning funds to education.
* NFT and Learn-to-Earn: NFTs play an important role in ONGAESHI DAO because they represent the right to participate in the recruitment auction by taking and learning from high-demand courses associated with the recruitment auction marketplace. Participants who purchase an NFT in the Marketplace can begin to learn, develop their skills, and apply for positions in the hiring auction market that will expand their career possibilities. Participants who are unable to purchase NFTs for financial reasons can take courses for free by licensing or renting ("renting") the course content associated with the NFTs from the NFT holder. NFT holders and participants can earn rewards based on their learning progress.
* Governance Tokens and Issuance Schedule: ONGS is the most important token in ONGAESHI as it is the governing token with the authority to determine the overall incentive structure of the ONGAESHI DAO and community management within the ONGAESHI DAO and its surrounding ecosystem. It can be distributed to sponsors and educators as a contribution on successful hiring, returned to the community to activate Learn to earn, or purchased by companies and individuals through sales on the exchange. In addition, it is also distributed as a reward to the management team, who are deeply involved in the operation of the program.
